Hey
Yo Xiao Zhang
Are you all right?
It's alright, do I look like something is wrong?
That's true.
But they are so good
Why do you divide by three and five?
The second one knocked them down
I can wear a golden bell and an iron cloth shirt.
They hit me like I hit a metal plate
Golden bell jar iron shirt
Do you still have such great kung fu?
Well, yeah, but that's true
Whoever marries you will be happy
Sister Mai, you will be happy too
Oh, forget about it.
Let me tell you something.
Every time this Li Dazhu begged for mercy
I feel like he's faking it.
I don't have more than two days
I will definitely come to trouble you, husband
I found that my little sister is the most
My body is getting worse
Will something happen to you?
Accompany me home to have a look
Take a look.
What if I can't help?
Yes. Thank you